so there's this movie out there that's
supposed to be for kids like it's a
kid's film since obviously families
definitely want to go to the theater for
this but you know me I'm the guy who
makes the sacrifices right I'll go watch
the movies that I know I don't want you
guys to go see that I wouldn't wish upon
my worst enemy and I'll tell you what I
was about to give this movie or rent it
until I knocked some common sense into
me and I realized what this movie was
doing and that I was duped let me
explain see if you saw that trailer and
survived then you would know why
everyone hates America but after coming
out of this movie I realized what they
were trying to do right how they were
trying to trick you how they were trying
to dupe you the movie thinking it was
slick that it's cunning and I ain't the
first one to figure this out because
this movie gave us a terrible trailer so
that when we go into the movie we would
come out going Oh ain't that bad when
really it's mediocre you see half of the
things that are in the trailer aren't
even in the movie right they ain't got
the bad puns they ain't got the fart
joke staying got this majestic twerking
[Music]
so it's kind of like they wanted to
lower your expectations to get away with
making this mediocre movie bet I'm on to
the reverse catfishing and you see this
franchise hot damn it's a franchise it's
pretty much becoming Toy Story with
gnomes like they come alive and they
prance around the UK I also going all
wish upon a time with it because they're
bringing fairy tales and like the old
novels and literature to life that they
have had with these last year right and
they hint at making other things like a
game of gnomes Indiana gnomes known for
maniac volume 2 and I ain't gonna lie
and say that you know it can't be
interesting right movies like hoodwinked
have done it correctly in my opinion but
these guys are too busy who winking you
like when your last movie came out like
three decades ago and then you come up
and you switch up the characters not a
right
like they pull a Justice League Batman
on your boy Romeo over here right
I remember when Batman was so tough and
brooding in one movie and then in like
the follow-up he's like a punk right
he's being pushed around no meals a pleb
in this one there's this whole thing
going out there by all the dogs and
people are complaining about racism and
appropriation but have y'all seen this
movie this movie has this scene
at a certain point it becomes like this
random musical just because they got
mary j blige right
they got gnomes kissing other living
creatures even though they're inanimate
objects but I'll be straight with you
it's not like the entire movie is bad
right and it's not like there's too much
to say about it Wow I wasn't it by
saying good things I like the 2d
animation I like the twist with Watson
and I know that there's a stigma with
Johnny Depp but I mean he tried it's
almost like Johnny Depp's been trying to
be Sherlock Holmes for the longest time
but like Robert Downey took his job and
then Mordecai didn't work out so he had
to settle yeah it is that over a no but
all that said I've never trusted gnomes
when they were just chilling on their
lawns right and I trust them less in
their movies especially when they try to
trick you with these mind games no way
Jose
thank you guys for checking out this
video let me know your thoughts down
below in the comment section you guys
wanted me to cover this and like I said
I'm trying to cover as many things that
I can ain't much to say about this one
like I said maybe if you got a kid drop
them off at the theater two years old
you ain't gotta waste your time with
this movie but let me know your thoughts
down below in the comment section what
you want me to review next don't forget
to comment like and subscribe and you'll
be nominated to get a No